Jenna has been a Zeal user for about a year.
Last week, she moved across the country to Washington for a great job opportunity.

Jenna enjoys fine dining, performing arts, and team sports, but she has been having a hard time finding other like-minded people in Redmond.
Luckily, Zeal knows her interests and has suggested several nearby events where she can make new friends while doing an activity that she loves.

Event categories can be filtered based on several different subcategories.

All of the events can be sorted based on criteria such as price and rating.

Jenna's cousin will be visiting next week and she wants to find somewhere to eat that they will both enjoy,
So she uses the friendtelligence system, which updates the page with events that are recommended for both Jenna and her cousin.

Jenna spots an event that she thinks they'll both enjoy and takes a look at the detailed information.

She isn't sure if her cousin will like it, so she bookmarks the event by clicking the boost button to show to him later.
If one of Jenna's friends also boosts the event, they will both be notified.

One of the other events reminds Jenna that she wants to throw a house-warming party and invite all of her new co-workers
The problem is, she doesn't know when everyone will be free.

So she heads to the Create Event page which helps users schedule both public and 
private events by finding the date, time, and location that works best for all the attendees.

Zeal users can create one time events for birthday parties and movie outings.
Or recurring events for weekly pickup games and epic Dungeons & Dragons campaigns.

Jenna skips the event time box because she doesn't know the best time to hold her party.

And that's the great thing about Zeal, it fills in the blanks.
Zeal will find the best time for Jenna's party by comparing all of her co-worker's schedules, then it will create an event and handle all the invitations.

Similarly, if you are an experienced Dungeon Master and want to start a campaign, but you don't know who to play with or when to play
Just create a public event and Zeal will find a group of players who have free time when you do.

